W-14106562-aws-sm-updates-kt (#2389)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: amazon-secrets-manager-properties-provider/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

If you do not provide credentials, the default AWS connection follows the https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/latest/developer-guide/credentials-chain.html[default credentials provider chain - AWS SDK for Java 2.x^].

> The following example shows how to configure the Amazon Secrets Manager Properties Provider for Amazon S3 Connector by using a JSON configuration file where you create the secret manager keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to configure the Amazon Secrets Manager Properties Provider for Amazon S3 Connector by using a JSON configuration file in which you create the secret manager keys.
```

> The following example shows how to configure the Amazon Secrets Manager Properties Provider for Amazon S3 Connector by using a JSON configuration file where you create the secret manager keys.

Reviewer 2: Hello @kevintroller  I think the file word could be misunderstood because is not really a file I would say a json string

Based on a JSON file that contains `accessKey` and `secretKey`:

----
aws secretsmanager create-secret --name aws-credentials   --secret-string '{"accessKey":"ACCESSKEY", "secretKey":"SECRET"}'
----
. In the *Amazon S3 Configuration* global element properties window, select *fx* to set expression values.
. Set *Access Key* to `${aws-secrets::aws-credentials}.accessKey`.
. Set *Secret Key* to `${aws-secrets::aws-credentials}.secretKey`.

> image::aws-sm-json-1.png[Example of Amazon Secrets Manager Properties Provider configuration for Azure S3 Connector with JSON expression]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::aws-sm-json-1.png[Example of Amazon Secrets Manager Properties Provider configuration for Azure S3 Connector with a JSON expression]
```
